This is my Etch-a-Sketch project. I am a bit anxious for this project, as it heavily utilizes CSS and flexbox, and I realize that that is the area in coding and programming that I am the weakest in. However, I am looking forward to getting to the point where I can complete the project and strengthen my CSS skills. 

This is my Etch-a-Sketch project - completed! This project was not as difficult as I anticipated. I did struggle a bit with the CSS and flexbox as I expected. However, utilizing online resources, I was able to solve the problem. The other thing that I struggled with was the combining of CSS and JavaScript. It's my tendency to always separate my HTML, CSS, and JavaScript into their respective files as much as I possibly can. However, in this case, it proved difficult to completely separate them all. In the end, I was able to keep the majority of each separated in their own individual file. This was definitely a learning experience that I think will greatly help as I continue with my career in web development. 

This is my Etch-a-Sketch project - finalized! I have finally added both extra credit components to the project. The first one, wherein the square would change to a random color on hover was not too difficult to implement. Once I figured out a way to generate a random color, it was simple to adjust the div background color whenever it was hovered over. The second component, where hovering over a square would increase its opacity by 10 percent until it hits a max of 1, was more difficult for me initially. When I first tried to do it, I was able to adjust the opacity to 0.1 for each square, but not increase it. Hovering over a square would change randomly change its color, but the opacity remained static. I realized that it was because I was resetting the opacity every time I called the on hover function on the square. After looking it up online, I was able to use e.target to get the square's opacity at that specific moment and increment it, finally solving the problem I was having. 